If you can bear with alpha-quality code (maybe beta, but definitely not
release-quality yet ;-), we welcome you to try out this highly improved
plugin and use it as your primary instant messaging system! Patches are
always welcome on kopete-devel@kde.org. Trivial fixes can be committed
directly to KDE CVS if you have an account, but please coordinate larger
changes with us to avoid double work.

Thanks for your interest in Kopete!

                        June 2002, The kopete team <kopete-devel@kde.org>

RELEASE NOTES FOR THE MSN PLUGIN IN KOPETE 0.4.1

Most of the MSN plugin has seen an enormous improvement since the previous
release, with many bugs fixed in especially the contact list handling.

Some issues in MSN are still remaining though. We hope to fix them in the
next release, since we think they are not critical enough to delay this
release:

- MSN allows you to have multiple groups with the same name, because
  internally a group ID is used. Kopete currently uses the name as a unique
  identifier, however, and will likely get a bit confused by this. If you
  do experience problems, you could join both groups using another MSN
  client, like the official client, Trillian or Gaim as a workaround.

- MSN contacts can be in more than one group at the same time. Kopete
  supports this partly, but not completely yet. In general Kopete will
  function, but moving or copying contacts in the contact list will always
  pick the first listed group as originating group. Also, this ability has
  not really been tested yet, so more hidden problems may arise.

- Kopete doesn't support moving contacts that do not exist on the server
  yet. Ideally the group should be automatically created on the server, but
  this can not be done reliably with the current code. Your attempt to move
  will be ignored by kopete but not produce any error except for a debug
  message on the console that you're moving a contact from group ID -1. A
  workaround is to always sync groups to the server, so groups always
  exist.

- While chatting more than one person can be part of the chat. The MSN
  plugin does signal that people join the chat, but hardly handles it
  besides that. What happens during multi-chats is undefined, though it
  should likely work for the other end, with slightly confusing output on
  your own side.

